Change the activeStateEnabled description (#3491)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/Widget/1 Configuration/activeStateEnabled.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies whether the UI component changes its state as a result of user interaction.

---

> The UI component switches to active state when users press down the primary mouse button. When this property is set to **true**, the CSS rules for the active state apply. You can change these rules to customize the component.

Reviewer: `The UI component switches to active state when users press down the primary mouse button.`

1. Please add an article ("the") before "active state": "the active state".

2. Does "press down" mean that the user presses the mouse button down, but does not release it? Just checking for my understanding.

Author: Yes, it does mean exactly that. Should I add something like "when users press down the primary mouse button but do not release it"?

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification. I just wanted to know for my own understanding. We can leave your version as is. :)

> Use this property when you display the component on a platform whose guidelines include the active state change for UI components. See the example of such platform: [MUI](https://github.com/mui/material-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this property when you display the component on a platform whose guidelines include the active state change for UI components. See the following topic for an example of this type of platform: [MUI](https://github.com/mui/material-ui).
```

Author: I think that "topic" is not the right word, because the link goes to the official github repository of the platform, not the article. Can I write "See the following link" or something like that?

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification. How about the following?

`Use this property when you display the component on a platform whose guidelines include the active state change for UI components. See the following GitHub repository for an example of this type of platform: [MUI](https://github.com/mui/material-ui).`
